Protocol - frame length clarification. (#329)
rsocket/rsocket: Protocol.md

__NOTE__: Byte ordering is big endian.

> Regardless of whether the Frame Length field is required, all RSocket Frames (Header + Payload) have a size limit of 16,777,215 bytes.

Reviewer: Thoughts on expanding this to use similar language to other portions of the protocol and adding an additional header?

```suggestion
### Max Frame Size

RSocket Frames (Header + Payload) MUST be limited to 16,777,215 bytes, regardless of whether the utilized transport protocol requires the Frame Length field.
```
